feat: add log format configuration options through helm chart (#346)
open-feature/open-feature-operator: chart/open-feature-operator/README.md

| `sidecarConfiguration.image.tag`      | current flagd version: `v0.3.4`  | Sets the version tag for the injected sidecar container.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `sidecarConfiguration.providerArgs`      | `""`  | Used to append arguments to the sidecar startup command. This value is a comma separated string of key values separated by '=', e.g. `key=value,key2=value2` results in the appending of `--sync-provider-args key=value --sync-provider-args key2=value2` |
| `sidecarConfiguration.defaultSyncProvider`      | `kubernetes`  | Sets the value of the `XXX_SYNC_PROVIDER` environment variable for the injected sidecar container. There are 3 valid sync providers: `kubernetes`, `filepath` and `http`                                                                                  |

> | `sidecarConfiguration.logFormat` | `json` | Sets the log format used by the flagD sidecar. `json` and `console` are possible                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sidecarConfiguration.logFormat` | `json` | Sets the value of the `XXX_LOG_FORMAT` environment variable for the injected sidecar container.                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

Reviewer: Where possible its best to keep this documentation sidecar agnostic
